Adding documentation for supporting sap-commerce-cloud-user-id in a Commerce Cloud-backed SPA instance (#1492)
SAP/spartacus-docs: _pages/dev/features/asm.md

```text
corsfilter.assistedservicewebservices.allowedOrigins=*
```

> 

Author: Revert this.

### Additional CORS Configuration for Customer Emulation

> In order for ASM customer emulation to work, you need to allow a specific header. You must add `sap-commerce-cloud-user-id` to the values of the key `corsfilter.commercewebservices.allowedHeaders` in a properties file. The following is an example:

Author: ```suggestion
In order for ASM customer emulation to work, you need to allow a specific header. You must add `sap-commerce-cloud-user-id` to the values of the key `corsfilter.commercewebservices.allowedHeaders` in the CX commerce configuration. The following is an example:
```
